well here's my first catch of the season
I don't have many sets out just uh just
a few sets just to say I got some out I
gotta wonder whole set and a couple of
these Duke dps the dog proof ones and
for Coons I put two out here along this
just along this little creek here and
there cool not a very big one but first
catch of the season hopefully this
weekend I get some more sets out but
let's see what happens well that's a DP
right here all you do is put your bait
down in there and some lube or whatever
you want to do and then i've been using
marshmallows and some some bait the bait
i'm using as cave-ins i just saw the
brand private abate so that's what I
used in this but you put it down in
there and the when the cooling reaches
down in there and pulls the bait out
pulls the lever down in there and I'd
start to see okay suit the lever anyways
when he pulls it up let it catch his
foot in there and there is dog trope you
know ain't no dog or nothin gonna stick
his paw down in there so they worked
pretty good so these traps here as you
can see I'm using a disposable steak
it's a Berkshire disposable steak um I
got it shoved in the ground there and
I'm using these little clips or I don't
know what you want to call them but
that's how I'm hooking the steak then I
could leave the stake here and I've done
can't get it out or whatever you just
undo it take your trap and then if you
want to put one back in the same spot
next year it's actually still here I
made this tool here
just a little handles here for my hands
thing to pound on but uh and that just
drags the state down in in the ground
and that steak is not actually all that
firing the grill is there not overly
long but I'll tell you you can't pull it
out of there so they work good so longer
and I like cuz you can get ahold of
these little trees and stuff but he
didn't see him be able to pull it out so
I like it I got my first time out of the
season looks like he's just barely
caught by his foot there but uh he's
here only have one pain trap out right
now wondering whole set I guess some
dead carcasses down in this hole right
here and they've been coming in here
pretty heavy so I set a trap and there
he is was pretty content right now
well we'll dispatch him and get him out
I think he's playing shy I think he
thinks he's hiding
he's got some pretty friend well here's
my set I just caught coyote right here
and so I reset the trap in the same spot
basically I'll as it is I got some
sheeps wool in there with some cave-ins
Hiawatha Valley bait a little bit of
cave-ins canine force lure a little bit
of Fox hearing right there that little
compass stuff for a backing it's just a
simple dirt hole set and they caught him
overnight and just dispatched him and
this is where he was so I reset it his
first one of the year finally I set some
traps up in the day and finally got one
well looky there I just checking this
trap last you didn't think there was
anything in it does it so plugged up the
stuff and there's a muskrat hey
this must out of the fall season said 2k
is that cool last night no I must wrap
tonight ok did you not get him reset we
catch another one here huh and that's
all that said is they caught the rat
just kind of blocked off the entrance I
got a Duke 155 that double springs on it
and send down this Creek but waters a
little higher and it has been so it's
running through there pretty fast there
Fred be plugged up I thought that's all
it was today was just plugged up with
all the stuff coming down the track the
waters higher but it's actually right in
so nice well after the first week of
trapping I only got a few limited sets
out I'm not prepared to sheer like I
have been in other years so just a few
sets out I got a couple dirt hole SATs
couple of Coon coughs it's about it I
got a 155 in a sluice pipe hoping for a
rat or make I did catch a rat I got 11
coyote the first week one Coon not a
whole lot so like I said only got by six
sets out so the second week I got a few
beaver sets out and a Fisher set i made
so we'll see what happens not expecting
too much but hopefully we catch a few
more
I didn't get him on video shooting them
or anything but I didn't have much of a
chance to get him on video pretty nice
buck
well seems how I didn't get one last